Team Lead Android team
Дорогі кандидати, розглядаємо тільки тих розробників, які знаходяться в
Україні.

Якщо протягом 5 днів ви не отримаєте відповіді, це може свідчити про
автоматичну відмову. Дякуємо за розуміння!

We are looking for a person who enjoys working in a team.

This person enjoys analyzing business requirements, breaking them down, and
figuring out how to represent them in a project. He is a person who
understands the importance of the right interaction and task set by other
developers and QA.
Join us with:

5+ years of experience in the development of Android apps that use web
services

strong knowledge of OOP, SOLID

strong knowledge of Android Architecture components

strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best
practices

strong knowledge of Android SDK, Kotlin, Client-Server architecture, Rest
API, SQL

strong knowledge of Clean Architecture, MVVM Pattern

unit tests

English — intermediate+

Nice to have:

jetpack Compose

multi-module experience
We are offering:

medical insurance and healthcare program

trust-based working with a flexible schedule (from 8-10 a.m to 5-7 p.m)

birthday gifts

paid vacation (20 working days) and sick days

work in a comfortable office/remotely in Odessa
What should you do:

design of architecture of new modules

team management

development of new features

implementation of retail business processes

fixing existing bugs

writing of system requirement specifications

review code
About us

Nayax is a global Fintech company, specializing in cashless payment solutions
for unattended points of sale such as vending machines, check-out stations, EV
chargers, Laundromats, and more.

Nayax’s proprietary software and hardware provide a complete solution for
contact, swipe, and contactless payments including credit & and debit cards,
pre & post-paid cards, mobile apps, and QR codes.

Our web-based back office provides real-time telemetry for remotely managing
vending machines or other unattended businesses.

Nayax products can be found all over the world, with branches in 9 countries,
and 40 distributing partners. Our products serve consumers in 55 countries and
accept 26 currencies.