Senior Android Engineer (803)
Ciklum is looking for a Senior Android Engineer to join our team full-
time in Ukraine.

We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational
organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business
challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers,
consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that
redefines industries and shapes the way people live.

About the role:

We are looking for a Senior Android Engineer to join our talented team
responsible for the development of Trax’s applications and mobile SDKs aimed
at supporting in-store execution for our CPG clients.
Responsibilities:

Collaborate with a global team to define, design, and deliver features
Ensure the performance, quality, security, and responsiveness of our apps and SDK’s
Identify new and emerging technologies to improve our app capabilities
Design and develop AR features and functionalities for Android applications using ARCore and related technologies
Work closely with various stakeholders
Requirements:

6+ years of experience developing Native Android Apps using Kotlin
Strong understanding of ARCore SDK, ARKit, or other AR frameworks
Experience with Android Jetpack Architecture Components and MVVM design pattern
Reactive programming using RxJava, Kotlin Coroutines
Experience working with persistent DB such as Realm, Room
Tested, Provisioned, Compiled, and Deployed applications to Google Play Store
Strong understanding of design patterns, data structures, and algorithms
Experience with RESTful APIs and Retrofit
Experience with third-party libraries and APIs
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools (Git)
Good communication and team player
Good verbal and written English
Proactive and Strong sense of ownership
Desirable:

Cross-platform development Flutter
Mobile CI/CD
Building SDKs
Camera Library
TensorFlow Lite (ML)
OpenCV
Server development: NodeJS, Python
iOS development
What’s in it for you?

Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door environment
Growth focus: Take on large-scale projects with a global impact and expand your expertise
Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
Endless opportunities: Explore diverse domains through internal mobility, finding the best fit to gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies
Flexibility: Enjoy radical flexibility — work remotely or from an office, your choice
Care: We’ve got you covered with company-paid medical insurance, mental health support, and financial & legal consultations

About us:

At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to
achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with
cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a
One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.

As one of Ukraine’s largest IT companies and a top employer recognized by
Forbes, we’ve spent over 20 years delivering meaningful tech solutions. We
proudly support diverse talent and military veterans, recognizing their unique
skills and perspectives they bring to shaping the future.

Want to learn more about us? Follow us on
Instagram,
Facebook,
LinkedIn.

Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!

Interested already?
We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. Can’t wait to see
you at Ciklum.