Senior Python Developer We are looking for a talanted Python Developer to join our team on a highly interesting and challenging banking project (Cyprus).We’re looking forPython Back End Developer who has : At least 3-4 years of experience developing high-load scalable applications; Strong knowledge of Architecture and Design patterns; Understanding of distributed systems and integrations; Experience in delivering good testing practices; Strong knowledge of Python; Strong knowledge of SQL and relational databases (PostgreSQL preferable); Experience with Fast API, JavaScript, design and implement REST API; Excellent communication and presentation skills; Outstanding attention to detail; Min. B2 (Upper Intermediate) English level; A customer-centric, empathetic mindset with excellent listening skills; An ability to focus on what counts, creating simple solutions to deliver fast results; A passion for learning and a desire for self-improvement.Would be a plus Experience working with financial institutions or in the fintech industry; Experience with AWS, Kubernetes, Hashicorp Vault, Keycloak.As a Python Developer, you will: Work closely with the Product Owner, Business Analyst and Project Manager to identify the key architecture drivers and Non-Functional Requirements for a core banking product; Design microservices architecture considering elaborated requirements; Present and agree on the architecture with the Product Owner and CTO; Match the best suitable frameworks and tools for the designed architecture; Constantly adding value to the experience of our client by writing readable, testable and efficient code; Maintain and develop engineering culture within the product implementation team.ABOUT PROJECTDescriptionA regulated Payments Institution specializing in Acquiring, Issuing and Mobile Payments with a license granted by the Central Bank of Cyprus. We provide online merchants with reliable and effective acquiring solutions.Our vision is to empower business growth through innovation in payments.Our mission is to be the people that take care of the payments and the platform that powers the growth.Project Team6 peopleWe want you to thrive and feel supported _Professional growth:_ at KindGeek, we want our employees to grow and achieve ambitious professional goals. We support professional development with training and certifications refunds, as well as provide regular feedback and technical reviews. _Benefits package:_ KindGeek offers all team members competitive pay along with a benefits package that includes 18 working days of fully paid vacation, 10 compensated by 50% sick leaves as well as an opportunity to take study leaves. Depending on how long you stay in the company, you can receive different health insurance packages from our partners. _Personal growth: _as a part of our team, you will have corporate English courses with a 50% sponsorship, take advantage of our library and access a large selection of corporate training and courses. _Geek community:_ at KindGeek, we value community — even in the social distancing times we take every opportunity to stick together. Our Geeks organize various online and offline clubs — from stretching and skiing to English. Football enthusiasts can also join the corporate team that regularly participates in Lviv IT League. _Flexibility:_ KindGeek offers a hybrid working model. Team members can work remotely or from the office or KindGeek London Hub — an innovative cafe-style co-working.We encourage you to applyAt KindGeek, we encourage everyone to apply — no matter of nationality, race, gender, marital status, disability, sexual identity, or religion. We are on the journey of growing into an inclusive, equal opportunity company where only professionalism, competence, and ideas matter. Our mission is to bring equal opportunities to all team members and candidates — especially those who have been underrepresented in technological companies.