SRE / DevOps Engineer
The Role:

We have been developing products for Wall Street for the last 12 years. We
grow increasingly, and our products help attract more than $30 billion of
financing monthly.

Our clients: J.P.Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Dell, Ford, Tesla, and others.

The head office is in NY, and the development offices are in Kyiv (has
operated for the last 8 years and consists of 100+ specialists), Tel Aviv, NY.
There are 200+ specialists globally across 10 products.

We are looking for an experienced Senior DevOps Engineer on a full-
time basis.

A successful candidate will be a key part of the Engineering Department and
will drive the team to meet business goals. Daily tasks will include
automating processes, enhancing the platform’s fault tolerance, and improving
feedback loops.

A background in Software Engineering (e.g., Software Engineer role or
SRE/DevOps with development-heavy tasks) will be a plus.

Key requirements:

At least 4 years of experience in an SRE/DevOps Engineer role
Open-mindedness and eagerness to learn new things
Understanding of Agile & DevOps principles, practices, and tools
Production-grade experience with AWS cloud and open-source software like Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, Prometheus, etc.
Experience with database administration, both relational and NoSQL: Postgres, MongoDB, DocumentDB, and OpenSearch
Ability to work productively as an individual contributor as well as in a team
Good written and verbal communication skills
Upper-intermediate or Advanced level of English.

Would be a plus:

Software engineering experience (any modern programming language)
Experience working in an Agile environment.

Key responsibilities:

Developing and operating cloud-native products with a 99.95% availability SLO
Participation in an on-call schedule to ensure system availability and a rapid response to incidents
Improving the everyday lives of other engineers by implementing best practices and engineering toolsets
Knowledge sharing.

We offer besides competitive salary:

Remote work
An informal style of leadership and communication, skilled management
Work in an Agile environment
Online English lessons
Team-building activities
Salary review
Paid vacation and paid sick leave
Corporate medical insurance programs from the start date
PE accounting and support
Referral program.

About Finsight:

Finsight Group Inc. is a New York City-based product company that offers a
highly accessible, cost-effective, and frictionless environment to research,
prospect, structure, market, and monitor new issue and secondary market
securities.

We are a friendly, close-knit team of motivated and open-minded individuals
committed to personal development, solving real problems, and delivering
excellent products and services to our clients.

We develop four leading platforms in US Fixed Income. Every month, over $30
billion of financing is exclusively marketed through our software across all
major Wall Street banks and hundreds of the largest corporations in the world.

Our products:

CreditFlow — a new issue deal database and search engine for global fixed income securities across ABS, IG and HY corporates.
Datarooms (dealvdr.com, 17g5.com, investorset.com, verisend.com, researchroom.com) — an electronic data room used to share up to tens of thousands of files with counterparties, streamlining compliance with SEC Rule 17g5, and serving as a document library for corporates to streamline investor access to deal documentation and periodic reporting. Includes verbose user permissions.
Deal Roadshow — an electronic roadshow platform used to market deal and non-deal roadshows for equity, debt, municipal, and private placement offerings.
Evercall — an operator-assisted conference call service that specializes in capital markets and corporate finance events.
Allocate — a powerful archive and visualization solution for final allocations of a new issue book-building process.
CapEdge — a database and search engine for SEC (EDGAR) filings and earnings transcripts
T-Rex — a powerful platform with software and data services for structured finance and private credit.