Senior DevOps Engineer
At Enjoy Gaming , we’re a passionate team of industry experts, backed by
market specialists and foreign investment. We’re thrilled to create live
dealer shows and slots. We’re making our games to provide an even better
gaming experience.
Our core values ofownership , communication , and honesty drive
everything we do.

Join us and be part of our innovative journey in the gaming world!

We are currently seeking aDevOps Engineer. You will be part of a very lean
team responsible for building and testing a new product. We are waiting for
marathoners ready to start a long-term, exciting journey in key positions.

About you:

5+ years with DevOps practices
Experience with CI/CD tools
Experience with AWS, GCP, or Azure (GCP is preferred)
Good knowledge of modern monitoring and alerting tools (Prometheus/Grafana a plus)
Experience implementing GitOps tools and a strong understanding of modern Git flow
Strong understanding of network fundamentals (TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS, etc.)
Excellent Linux\UNIX skills and experience with running high-availability applications
Proven experience with Kubernetes (EKS, GKE, kops, etc.)

Will be a huge plus:

IaC experience, proficiency with Terraform
Experience with GitHub Actions, ArgoCD, and Helm charts
Basic programming languages (Bash, Python, Golang)
Optimization, monitoring, and backing up databases (MySQL, MongoDB, Redis)

Core Responsibilities:

Set up and support CI/CD pipelines
Setting up the infrastructure
Helping developers automate things to reduce manual work
Keeping up-to-date with current monitoring/alerting solutions
Supporting the release process

What you get in return:

Competitive Salary: Competitive salary fixed in EUR with yearly
performance reviews
Remote Work Option: Choose to work remotely, providing greater
flexibility and comfort
Corporate Benefits: Psychologist, English-speaking club
Paid Vacation: 20 working days of paid vacation + 10 days off in lieu,
including national holidays
Paid Sick Leave: 10 working days
Professional Development: Get reimbursement for professional development
courses and training
Self-Development: Get reimbursement for language courses, sports,
massage, or life coaching

Please note that feedback on your application will be provided within two
weeks if a positive decision is made regarding your candidacy.

I give my consent following the Law on the Protection of Personal Data dated
June 1, 2010, No. 2297, effective from January 1, 2011, for the processing of
information classified as personal data.