Middle DevOps Engineer
We are a leading digital sports publisher in Ukraine. We do not limit our
growth to the country and are actively developing websites and mobile
applications for the global market.

Our goal is to develop independent media and bring high-tech products to the
world. Everyone’s contribution to the product creation process is important to
us, as our specialist is an expert and is directly involved in all processes.

We are currently looking for an SRE/DevOps Engineer who will support, develop,
and optimize the current infrastructure.

Requirements:

Support, development, and optimisation of the current infrastructure.
Automation of deployment processes for systems, applications, and environments.
Restoration of systems, applications, and environments from backups and/or disaster recovery.
Monitoring of application stability, identification of infrastructure bottlenecks.
Collaboration with other teams in the project.

From you:

At least two years of commercial experience as an SRE, DevOps Engineer
Knowledge of any CMS (Ansible (preferred), Chef, Puppet), as well as Pulumi (optional)
Experience in full support of Linux infrastructure using CMS (2 years of experience).
Knowledge of bash and/or any other scripting language (Python, Go, etc.) for automation and/or scripting.
Willingness to administer Bare Metal, including Hetzner, OVH or similar hosting providers (we do not have a big three cloud and do not plan to).
Experience in supporting the production of a Kubernetes cluster from 5 worker nodes.
Knowledge of Kubernetes API resources and Kubernetes components.
Strong knowledge and experience with MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL databases, replication, load balancing, HA, backup.
Knowledge and experience in setting up and updating Gitlab and Gitlab CI.
Knowledge and experience in monitoring (metrics, logs, traces) and alerting (Prometheus, VictoriaMetrics, grafana, Percona Performance and Monitoring, Sentry, ElasticStack, Coroot), as well as solving infrastructure problems.

It will be an advantage if you have:

Have deployed and upgraded Kubernetes clusters using kubespray.
Have experience with varnish/nginx and/or CDN providers.
Technically supported redash, superset, airflow for analytics in k8s.
Knowledge and experience with CNI (we have calico), SMI (we have linkerd), HashiCorp Vault.

For you:

Working on a successful and cool product used by millions of sports fans every day.
The challenge of moving a successful, profitable project to a new technical level.
The opportunity to be directly involved in the selection of technical and product solutions.
A strong product culture and great colleagues.
A flexible schedule with the possibility of remote work, participation in training courses and conferences.
Market salary.