DevOps Engineer/System Administrator
We are an Israeli company with a background in product development of 9+
years. Due to staff expansion, we are looking for a DevOps Engineer/System
Administrator to work together to build progressive products.Full-time,
remote work.

We value professionalism, proactivity, and taking responsibility for yourself,
your decisions, and your results. We offer you inspiring challenges and
complex tasks within an ambitious product without unnecessary bureaucracy.

Candidate Expectations:

1 year or more experience with Azure infrastructure. Including knowledge and experience administering the following services: Azure Active Directory, Application Services & Slots, Event Grid, MS SQL database, Service Bus, Monitor, Azure Storage, Deployment tools, Backup service, Networking, Security;
Experience with Azure DevOps for 1 year or more;
Experience and hands-on experience with Azure DevOps Pipelines for Windows and UNIX VM and Azure Application Service applications;
Experience administering Windows & Unix servers to run .NET Framework, .NET Core, Node.js applications;
IIS administration;
Understanding of cloud technology principles. Scaling, microservices, monolithic applications, continuous availability;
Knowledge and experience with Git and any project management system;
Fundamentals of SQL, JavaScript, XML, JSON and principles of HTTP, TCP, IP, DNS.
Experience in MS SQL Server administration. Scaling, indexes, access control;
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes from 1 year;
Knowledge and experience in Penetration Testing of WEB-sites, WEB information protection, load testing, DDoS protection systems/services.

What to do:

Continuously optimize and improve CI/CD processes to improve performance and scalability;
Develop, configure and maintain infrastructure on the Azure platform;
Create and configure DevOps Pipelines to deploy applications to various Azure operating systems and services;
Administer Windows & Unix servers to ensure applications run on .NET Framework, .NET Core and Node.js;
Managing and scaling MS SQL Server to ensure database performance and availability;
Working with application containerization using Docker and Kubernetes;
Conducting security and load testing to ensure reliability and security of applications and infrastructure.

Job Requirements:

Remote work in a friendly and comfortable team of professional developers WITHOUT the oppression of marketers;
On-time salary starting from $4,500;
2 weeks paid holiday a year;
Paid sick days;
Paid time off on major Slavic holidays;
Opportunity to attend professional courses at company’s expense;
Working week: Sunday-Thursday, 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Israel time.

We would love to give you all the details about the position! Send your CV
now and we will contact you!

!!! IMPORTANT TO KNOW !!!

We have a multinational development team, which was formed more than 9 years
ago. Our team includes people living in different CIS countries, so the
language of communication is russian. But the company and all our employees
are strongly opposed to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The company provides
humanitarian aid to Ukraine and helps our employees living there.

We believe in the victory of Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! Glory to ZSU! Glory
to the Ukrainian nation!