AI Engineer (RemotePass) Flyer One Ventures — is an early-stage VC- fund, which invests in startups from Europe and North America. It has already invested $35M in over 60 startups. We also help our companies with recruitment and connect them to industry experts. We’re looking for a Senior AI Engineer for our portfolio company, RemotePass.RemotePass is a leading global platform transforming the way businesses access and manage top talent. Recognized as one of G2’s Top 100 Fastest Growing Software Products, we’re on a mission to break down geographical barriers and create a world where exceptional talent can thrive anywhere.By streamlining global hiring, onboarding, payroll, and compliance, RemotePass empowers organizations to build high-performing remote teams. Our platform is designed to improve the lives of millions of workers worldwide by providing them with unprecedented opportunities to connect with global employers and reach their full potential.We are backed by world-class investors; Endeavor Catalyst, Khwarizmi Ventures, Oraseya Capital, Flyer One Ventures, Access Bridge Ventures, A15, Swiss Founders Fund and Plug & Play.About RoleWe are looking for aSenior AI Engineer to join our team and contribute to the development of cutting-edge AI technologies. This position focuses on the utilization of existing AI models and applications, collaborating with cross- functional teams, and integrating AI functionalities into products. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in machine learning and deep learning, a proven track record of successful AI projects, and proficiency in modern tools like AWS Bedrock.About you: Master’s or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or a related field. 3+ years of experience in AI/ML development and deployment. Strong proficiency in programming languages such as Python. Extensive experience with AI/ML frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch). Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure) and MLOps tools. Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and as part of a team. Strong communication and interpersonal skills.What you will do: Lead the end-to-end lifecycle of AI-powered solutions, from rapid prototyping to production-ready systems Integrate state-of-the-art AI/LLM models (OpenAI GPT, Claude, LLaMA, Mistral, etc.) into user-facing applications and backend systems Develop systems that integrate retrieval mechanisms into LLMs to enhance the generation of information-rich responses Collaborate with product managers and software engineers to define AI solutions and integrate them into our platform. Stay current with the latest advancements in AI, machine learning, and related fields through continuous research.Join us!