AI / NLP Engineer / Data Scientist It’s an amazing time to join Digicode as we continue empowering as many innovators as possible to change the world. We deliver outstanding technology consulting, R&D, design, and software development services in the USA, UK, and EU markets. This is where you come in!We’re looking for a skilled ML/AI Expert to work on an LLM-based ad targeting system. The role involves improving existing NLP, training and retraining models, and conducting R&D for the next generation of products.Responsibilities: Training, refining, and validating LLM/NLP models R&D in NLP, ML, and AI to improve ad selection and brand safety Development and deployment in the cloud, ensuring low latency and scalability Working in Agile, TDD, participating in sprint planning, pair programmingRequirements: Commercial experience in NLP, ML, or AI (experience with LLM is required) Practical engineering experience, willingness to solve domain-specific problems Experience with at least three of the following: Python, Groovy, Git, MySQL, Linux, AWS, JUnit/unittest, JMeter, Gradle Experience with TDD; responsibility for deadlines Upper — IntermediatePreferred: Experience with NLP frameworks and big data toolsAbout Project: Small, close-knit team (~15 people) Agile, CI/CD, infrastructure automation, pair programming Working with high-QPS, low-latency systems; opportunity to influence the product and grow professionallyProcess: Intro call with a recruiter. Internal technical interview. Tech interview with client.What To Expect From Digicode?🌎 Work from Anywhere: From an office, home, or travel continuously if that’s your thing. Everything we do is online. You’re all set as long as you’re in the same time zone as your project colleagues.💼 Professional Development: We offer great career development opportunities in a growing company, international work environment, paid language classes, conference and education budget, & internal 42 Community training.󰩔 Work-life Balance: We provide employees with 18+ paid vacation days and paid sick leave, a flexible schedule, medical insurance for employees and their children, and a monthly budget for things like a gym or pool membership.🙌 Culture of Openness: We’re committed to fostering a community where everyone feels welcome, seen, and heard, with minimal bureaucracy, and flat organization structure. And, also, corporate gifts, corporate celebrations, free food & snacks, and play & relax rooms for those who visit the office.Our culture is unique, and we live by our beliefs and core values. For more information on what it’s like to work at Digicode, please take a look at our career page. Did we attract your attention? Send your CV and let’s talk:)