Senior Frontend Developer(Platform team)
What’s the job?

Are you ready to work on massive web projects and features that are used by
millions worldwide? If yes, then you’ve come to the right place. As a Senior
Frontend Developer in Fiverr’s Platform group, you’ll be responsible for our
Design System while contributing to the front-end infrastructure that
powers all Fiverr products.

Our mission is to enable a unified user experience across Fiverr’s web apps
and help teams ship faster. You’ll do this by building reusable, high-
performance components , maintaining design consistency, and improving the
frontend infrastructure that powers it all.

Our work model is remote OR hybrid.
What am I going to do?

Build and maintain new React components as part of Fiverr’s Design System.
​​Collaborate closely with engineers and designers to ensure smooth integration and contributions to the shared component library.
Create and maintain clear documentation and usage guidelines to support adoption across teams.
Develop creative, scalable solutions for complex UI and performance challenges.
Monitor and optimize performance, ensuring components are efficient and lightweight.
Contribute to technical initiatives that improve our build setup, CI/CD, monitoring, and performance for front-end applications.
Being available for on-call shifts.
What are the qualifications?

5+ years of experience in web development with strong design integration skills.
Expert in CSS and proficient in TypeScript.
Hands‑on experience with Figma and design systems.
Experience working with large-scale systems.
Experience with CI/CD technologies and building libraries
Solid understanding of accessibility principles.
Excellent cross‑functional collaboration with design, product, and engineering teams.
Experience with AI‑powered development tools (Cursor, Copilot, etc).
Strong analytical and communication skills.
Fluent in English and Ukrainian ; a degree in Computer Science or a related field is a plus.

At Fiverr, we’re not about checklists. If you don’t meet 100% of the
requirements for this role but still feel passionate about the position and
think you have the right skills and qualifications to excel at it, we want to
hear from you.
We offer

When you join our team, you’re helping create opportunities for anyone in the
world to build their business, brand, or dream. Is there a more meaningful
benefit than that?
To top it off, besides a comprehensive salary, we also have a tight-knit
Fiverr employee culture, team gatherings, a pretty amazing office space (if
you live in Kyiv), an opportunity to participate in Fiverr’s stock option
plan, daily virtual workout inspirations, and much more.
Office in Creative State Arsenal in Kyiv.
Possible to work remotely in Ukraine
Fiverr’s Equity (FVRR)*
Health insurance
Gym
Parking
Lunch
Equal opportunities

At Fiverr, we prioritize diversity. We celebrate difference and embed it into
every aspect of our workplace and product, as well as our community. Fiverr is
proud and committed to providing equal opportunity employment to all
individuals regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
citizenship, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other
characteristic protected by law. In addition, Fiverr will provide
accommodation to individuals with disabilities or special needs.