Team Lead Front-End Developer
Are you an ambitious developer with expertise in JavaScript? Are you ready
to embrace the challenge of building a next-generation AI-running
business process management web platform from scratch? We’re looking for
an advanced professional who is not only proficient in coding, but also isn’t
afraid to change the IT industry and make a significant impact.

As a Lead Front-End Developer on our team, you will work with other
experts, collaborating on high-quality solutions, and your daily tasks
will be:

Developing and maintaining the front-end of our new internal web applications.
Collaborating with designers and back-end developers to implement new features and improve existing ones.
Writing clean, maintainable, and efficient code.
Keeping up to date with the latest front-end technologies and trends.
Performing reviews and providing mentorship to less experienced colleagues.
Be a strong leader and voice of our Front-End team.

YOU’LL STAND OUT IF YOU HAVE:

5+ years’ experience with any framework (React).
Experience with modern front-end development tools and frameworks.
Familiarity with HTML, CSS, and web design principles.
Experience with state management (MobX, Redux, Zustand, etc.)
Experience working with REST and/or GraphQL APIs
Understanding of how to debug and optimize an application’s performance

Strong communication skills & prior experience leading a team (6 months).
Experience or strong interest in AI/ML.
Part taken in mobile app development projects will be a nice advantage.

WHY PICHE?

Our project is a groundbreaking initiative aimed at creating a multi-lingual,
cutting-edge web platform utilizing the newest technologies and tools. This is
a greenfield project, providing the opportunity to work from the ground up on
a truly innovative solution. Our aim is to utilize AI technologies wherever
possible to enhance and optimize our platform, taking advantage of the vast
potential that AI has to offer.

WE’RE HAPPY TO PROVIDE YOU WITH:

Salary 3500 — 4500 USD net.
Fully remote work opportunities.
Cutting-edge AI project with no analogue within the industry.
Paid day-off on your Birthday.
Official national holidays are our days off.
Сompensation for studies and sports.
Corporate accountant support.

If you’re passionate about your craft, eager to learn and grow, and ready to
be part of a groundbreaking project that’s set to change the landscape of the
IT industry, we’d love to hear from you.