Full-stack developer with React and .NET
Hey there!

It’s an amazing time to join Digicode as we continue empowering as many
innovators as possible to change the world. We deliver outstanding technology
consulting, R&D, design, and software development services in the USA, UK, and
EU markets. This is where you come in.

Digicode seeks a dynamic and organizedFull-stack developer with React and
.NET to help build a platform that provides advanced tools to empower
defense attorneys.

Your React/NET Skills + AI = Legal Tech Revolution.

Required skills:

5+ years of experience in development with React and .Net.
Strong expertise in both React and .NET.
Proficient in React, including hooks, context API, and design frameworks such as Tailwind CSS.
Strong knowledge of modernJavaScript (ES6+), TypeScript, and component-driven development
Extensive experience with .NET (preferably .NET Core) for building APIs and backend services.
Knowledge of distributed computing and scalability of systems patterns.
Experience with SQL and/or NoSQL databases (e.g., SQL Server, Azure Cosmos DB)
Hands-on experience with Microsoft Azure , including App Services, Azure Functions, Azure Kubernetes , and Azure DevOps pipelines.
Strong understanding of CI/CD pipelines and DevOps best practices.
Knowledge of RESTful API design and microservices architecture.
Experience with working on file processing pipelines.
Familiarity with testing frameworks (e.g., NUnit) and version control systems
Experience with Vector databases is an advantage.

📌 Process:

1\. Intro call with a recruiter

2\. Internal tech interview

3\. Interview with the client

Boom! Offer:)

What To Expect From Digicode?

🌎 Work from Anywhere: From an office, home, or travel continuously if that’s
your thing. Everything we do is online. As long as you have the Internet and
your travel nomad lifestyle doesn’t affect the work process (you meet all
deadlines and are present at all the meetings), you’re all set.

💼 Professional Development: We offer great career development opportunities in
a growing company, international work environment, paid language classes,
conference and education budget, & internal 42 Community training.

🧘‍♂️ Work-life Balance: We provide employees with 18+ paid vacation days and
paid sick leave, flexible schedule, medical insurance for employees and their
children, monthly budget for things like a gym or pool membership.

🙌 Culture of Openness: We’re committed to fostering a community where everyone
feels welcome, seen, and heard, with minimal bureaucracy, and a flat
organization structure.

And, also, corporate gifts, corporate celebrations, free food & snacks, play &
relax rooms for those who visit the office.

Did we catch your attention? We’d love to hear from you.