Senior iOS Product Engineer — Documents Team
We have been delivering a powerful suite of productivity apps for iOS and Mac
for many years now, and our Documents app has been on the forefront of making
file management usable on iOS devices. The team is looking for a creative iOS
Engineer to help us deliver the best file manager for iPhone and iPad to
people worldwide. You’ll face the most challenging tasks in your career and
opportunities to make a great impact — build a productivity app, that really
helps millions of people.

What you’ll do:

Implement new functionality

Maintain and refactor the existing code base

Use and optionally improve infrastructure

Essential for the role:

Swift

Common programming principles (OOP, POP, SOLID)

Architectures

Custom UI experience

Multithreading

Will be a plus:

Experience with Objective-C

Algorithms and Data Structures

CI/CD

Automated Testing

Xcode Instruments

Cool things about this role:

Rich functionality allows gaining experience in many areas

Cooperation with the team of experienced developers to facilitate self-
development

Openness to controlled experiments with new technologies

Healthy atmosphere within the team

You can learn more about the team at the link: Documents by
Readdle

What will you get:

Customer-centric culture. We put our customers first. It means that every
employee can benefit from interacting with our customers directly. It enables
us to create and deliver the best solutions for millions of our users

Professional growth. We are professionals at everything we do. It means we
own our decisions, our work, and our results. We provide quality feedback to
others and welcome feedback as an opportunity to learn and improve

A team of amazing people. The greatest power we have is the team. It means
we care about each other, ensure transparency, and invest in everyone’s
success

Impact on our products. We aim to create valuable products. It means that we
improve ourselves constantly by overcoming constraints, simplifying our
processes, and improving our capacity

Innovative culture. We try to be innovative and creative in everything we
do. It means that we expect, appreciate and value new ideas