iOS Developer
We are a team of Lean Startup professionals for whom entrepreneurship and
startup culture are not just a job, but a way of life. We are not just “t o
beat around the bush ” ones who aim to fulfil all of the customer’s requests
by adding more features to the project while “wasting the client’s budget”. We
prefer to leave that to the classic outsourcing companies!
Our rich experience, enriched by hands-on work with startups and the
application of the Lean Startup approach, is the key to our outstanding
efficiency. Being on the market for 5 years, we have launched over 70
successful startups from scratch, working with clients around the world.

💡 We Create Startups for Clients from Different Countries
We specialise in helping entrepreneurs and startups from America/Europe launch
successful digital startup at early stages. Our goal is not just to launch,
but also to assist with the full understanding of the real market demand for
the product, thereby saving years of work and significant budgets of our
clients.

👥 A Team of Over 40 Experts
Our team consists of more than 40 specialists, each fully immersed in projects
and ready to offer the best solutions at every stage of product development.

🚀 Our Advantages:

Technological and Process Innovation. We actively integrate the latest technologies into our work and constantly update and automate our processes to avoid bureaucracy and accelerate results.
Individual Approach to Projects. We are not just task executors; we strive to understand the unique needs of each project and realise them based on our expertise and innovative approaches.
Strong Team Culture. Our team is distinguished by a high level of mutual assistance and support, openness to feedback, and an absence of toxicity, which contributes to a favourable environment for the growth and development of both projects and the personal development of each employee.

Join us if you are ready to be part of a team that transforms innovative ideas
into successful business solutions and embodies the vision of entrepreneurs
into reality.

With us, you will:
Work with a modern technology stack (Swift, SwiftUI, UDF Arch, Xcode
Cloud CI/CD);
Work on projects with iOS 17+;
Participate in app design and development;
Implement cool ideas without micromanagement and bureaucracy, and feel the
freedom of creativity;
Try new development approaches and keep up with the latest trends.

Challenges you’ll meet:
Developing architecture for new app functionalities;
Working on UDF (Redux-like architecture) with Combine/Concurrency;
Project estimation;
Writing snapshot, unit, and UI tests.

Your professional qualities:
1,5+ year of SwiftUI commercial exp;
Proficiency in the Swift language. (Generics, type casting, lazy, failable
init, etc.);
Strong understanding of OOP and SOLID principles;
Familiarity with RESTful APIs;
Understanding of MVC/MVVM;
Familiarity with iOS Human Interface Guidelines and App Store submission
process.
Intermediate English level.

Nice to have:
Experience with UDF, Redux, TCA architectures;
Maps and location tracking;
BLE, Bluetooth;
In-App purchases integration;
SwiftUI custom animations/transitions.

We offer:

4-Day Work Week (Mon-Thu): Enjoy a flexible schedule with a four-day workweek, giving you more time for learning, rest, and personal growth.
Fully Remote Work with a Flexible Schedule: Enjoy the freedom to work from anywhere in the world with a schedule that suits you.
16 Days of Vacation: Take advantage of 16 days of annual leave to relax and recharge.
Additional Personal Event Days Off: Enjoy extra days off for personal events to celebrate and take care of what matters most.
Unlimited Sick Leave: Health comes first. Benefit from unlimited sick leave to ensure you have the time to recover without worry.
Personal Technology Purchase Program: Get support in purchasing tech gadgets for personal use, keeping you up-to-date with the latest technology.
Internal Currency for Additional Perks: Earn our internal currency and exchange it for delightful perks like company merchandise, sweets, and certificates for various activities.
Online Team Building Activities: Engage in fun and interactive online team-building activities, fostering collaboration and strengthening our remote work community.
Sabbatical Leave: Take a break to recharge or pursue personal projects with our sabbatical leave option.
Full Entrepreneurial Support: Receive complete support for your entrepreneurial status, including accounting assistance.

Let`s Launch Startups Together! 🚀