Senior iOS developer
🔹Who we are!

At Levi9, we are passionate about what we do. We love our work and together in
a team, we are smarter and stronger. We are looking for skilled team players
who make change happen. Are you one of these players?

🔹About the project

Our client is a leading media company in Western Europe , delivering high-
quality content across various platforms, including newspapers, magazines,
radio, TV, websites, apps, and podcasts. Their brands reach millions of people
daily, shaping the media landscape with independent and trusted journalism.

🔹Responsibilities

Use your expertise in Swift and SwiftUI to improve the user experience and
deliver flawlessly working apps;
Collaborate with other technical disciplines and coordinate with colleagues
on backend integration;
Making technological decisions and supporting and coaching colleagues;
To work on the architecture, maintenance and innovation within our apps;
Deliver test-driven and clean code with an eye for quality.

🔹Requirements

For this role, we are looking for an experienced and driven mobile developer.
You are technically strong, a team player, and have an eye for the end-user.
You also bring:
At least 5 years of experience in mobile app development and expertise in
Swift and SwiftUI.
Experience working with APIs, SDKs and a test-driven approach.
The ability to create high-quality solutions and collaborate effectively
within multidisciplinary teams.
A proactive attitude and a drive to improve, both technically and from a
business context.

🔹A few more important things

We consider candidates who have at least an Upper-intermediate level of English.
We work in a hybrid setup, so we prioritize candidates who are based in Kyiv or Lviv and can visit our office on their first working day.

🔹9 reasons to join us:

1. Today we’re working with the technology of tomorrow.
2. We don’t wait for a change. We are the change.
3. We’re experts in creating experts (Levi9 academy, Lead9 program for leaders).
4. No micromanagement. We are free birds with a clear understanding of what high performance is!
5. Learning in Levi9 never stops (unlimited Udemy for business, meetups, English courses, Professional trainings).
6. Here you can train your body and mind.
7. We’ve gathered the best locations — comfortable, cozy and pet-friendly offices in Kyiv (5 minutes from Olimpiyska metro station) and Lviv with regular offline internal events
8. We have a master’s degree in work-life balance.
9. We are actively supporting Ukraine with constant donations and volunteering

🔹Simple step to get this job

Click the APPLY NOW button and leave your contacts!