FullStack Developer (Node.js+React.js)
IntellectEU is an international technology company
focused on digital finance and emerging technologies. At IntellectEU we are on
a mission to become the top-of-mind fintech company. We are committed to our
people and believe in building a better future with the newest of the newest
technologies. Giving young people and industry veterans a growing ground to
play, launch ideas & work very closely with our clients. With our hands-on
experience in both technical & capital markets, no challenge’s left untackled.
Since 2006 we have been focused on financial messaging and integration, being
a SWIFT service partner.

Currently, we are looking for experienced Full-Stack Developers
(Node.js+React.js) to join a project within the innovation area of a major
financial market infrastructure, focused on orchestrating processes and
managing critical infrastructure.

Responsibilities:

Design, develop, and maintain robust and scalable web applications using React.js, Next.js, and Node.js stack. Build server-side logic and RESTful APIs using Express.js and Next.js API routes. Develop responsive, high-performance, and reusable user interface components using React.js.
Leverage Next.js for features like server-side rendering (SSR), static site generation (SSG), and optimized front-end delivery.
Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code with a strong emphasis on quality and testing. Integrate front-end components with back-end services and databases.
Analyze complex problems, propose effective solutions, and contribute to chapter discussions and collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship features.
Collaborate with the team to establish and maintain efficient CI/CD pipelines, ensuring adherence to quality gates throughout the build and deploy process. Optimize applications for maximum speed, scalability, and security.
Develop and maintain comprehensive technical documentation for projects. Organize efficient knowledge transfer and handover processes.
Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and industry best practices and provide coaching to junior team members to support their professional development.

Requirements:

University degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent work experience of 5+ years as a Fullstack Developer.
Fluent in English.
Strong proficiency in TypeScript and extensive hands-on experience with React.js, including hooks, state management (e.g., Context API, Redux, or Zustand), and component-based architecture.
Strong experience with Node.js for back-end development. Demonstrable experience with the Next.js framework (including routing, data fetching, and API routes).
Solid experience building and managing APIs using Express.js. Proficiency in building and consuming RESTful APIs.
Experience with common database technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, MySQL, or MongoDB). Solid understanding of responsive design principles.
Proficient with version control systems, particularly Git.
Familiarity with microservices architecture.
Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills to address complex technical challenges.

Nice to have:

Knowledge of modern styling solutions (Tailwind CSS, Styled-components or CSS Modules).
Familiarity with testing frameworks (Jest, React Testing Library or Cypress).
Experience with containerization (Docker) and CI/CD pipelines.
Knowledge of cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, or Azure).
Experience with database ORMs (Prisma, TypeORM, or Sequelize).
Familiarity with GraphQL.

Soft skills:

Ability to analyze complex problems, identify root causes, and implement effective solutions.
Clearly and effectively communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
A proactive mindset with a strong sense of responsibility for your work from concept to completion.

We guarantee:

Excellent compensation and benefits package, including medical insurance and sports activities.
International experience in a stable company: the company has offices in Antwerp, Lisbon, Krakow Kyiv, New York and operates on the market for over 15 years.
A passionate team in an innovative, casual, positive, and open work environment, ready to meet your new ideas.
Great opportunities for personal and professional development as well as the chance to change the way the business works in the financial world.
Work where you’re most productive — remote, in-office, or hybrid options available.

Join us to make an impact on the entire financial world!