Senior Full Stack Engineer (Web)
ABOUT US:

[](https://betterme.world/)

BetterMe is a health & wellness platform providing a tailored holistic
approach to well-being. Since 2017, we have been on a mission to create a
healthier world for everyone, regardless of age, sex, physical ability, or
background.

Our goal is to make a healthy lifestyle accessible to everyone so they can
achieve long-term health benefits.

We’re looking for a Fullstack Developer (Front-End 70% / Back-End 30%) to
work on the Web version of BetterMeHealth Coaching , focusing on
synchronization with the mobile app and enhancing retention and
unsubscribe user flows.

YOUR IMPACT:

Participate in the full software development lifecycle , including coding, troubleshooting, testing, and deployment;
Contribute to product discussions and collaborate with product owner to create features that deliver real value to users;
Work on the architecture and technical design of the web platform, ensuring scalability and reliability;
Collaborate SRE team to maintain and improve CI/CD pipelines and deployment processes;
Engage in code reviews , provide constructive feedback, and maintain high-quality coding standards;
Take ownership of application architecture and database design to meet the demands of a growing user base.

ABOUT YOU:

5+ years of experience with JavaScript/TypeScript;
4+ years of experience in backend development, using technologies such as Node.js, Nest.js, or similar frameworks;
Strong skills in frontend development , particularly with React, Redux, and Next.js;
Familiarity with CI/CD tools , such as GitHub Actions, or similar;
Solid understanding of CSR, SSG, SSR and their application in modern web development;
Experience working with MySql, PostgreSQL databases and Prisma ORM;
Experience with unit testing and integration testing to ensure code quality;
Knowledge of data structures , design patterns , and best practices in software development.

WILL BE A PLUS:

Understanding of business metrics like ARPU, LTV, CPA, and conversions, and how technical decisions impact them;
Experience with integration testing to ensure code quality;
Skills in setting up and configuring monitoring tools for performance tracking and alerting.

For a clearer comprehension, feel free to familiarize yourself with our
technology stack :

FrontEnd : React + Redux Toolkit, Next.js, SCSS
BackEnd : NestJS, Prisma, Postgres

Our mission is creating happiness within since we believe that having your
mind and body in complete harmony is key for overall health and quality of
life. We plan to capture the growth of the Global Health Market, and our ideal
candidate will focus on building the largest health tech company in the world.
💪
The success of the product became possible through the hard work and
dedication of 400+ talented and forward-thinking employees who are true
experts in their field. We’re one of the biggest partners of Facebook, Google,
Snapchat & Twitter within the CEE region.🌎

Our company is built on the ability to find the best people and provide them
with everything needed to stay focused on what’s important to make our users
even healthier, sportier, happier and better! We create a business
environment that brings up best in everyone. We have no bureaucracy, and we
give our colleagues complete freedom to make decisions and achieve brilliant
results.🚀

Competitive salary. Compensation that will help you focus on your projects
and personal development.
Professional Growth. We offer a possibility to attend internal, external
courses, seminars and access to a corporate library. You will be working with
a team of professionals to get insights and discuss ideas.
Comfortable working environment. We provide all necessary work equipment
for your role and serve complimentary breakfasts, lunches, and snacks in the
Kyiv office.
Health &Fitness. We provide employees with 20 days of paid vacation,
medical insurance and a variety of sports activities available for employees
inside and outside the office.
Rest. We organize team buildings, parties and various team activities to
boost our collaboration.

Find more about us on social media platforms:
Instagram,
LinkedIn.