BackEnd (Node.js) Developer
Moon Active is one of the world’s top mobile game companies, our teams
leverage cutting-edge technologies to craft fun and interactive games enjoyed
by millions worldwide. We produce exciting and engaging entertainment for
players across the globe and pride ourselves on developing top-quality casual
games that invite and allow players to connect with one another.

As a BackEnd Engineer, you will be working in a scrum team implementing new
features and improving existing code for our most popular game. We are looking
for a Strong developer to join an engineering team that is responsible for
building complex, high-scale, and real-time systems.

We work with Node.js/Redis/K8s/Microservices, 24/7 serving 100k req/sec,
200k+ req/sec at peaks , Redis used as the main storage, handling terabytes
of data and 200M ops/min.

Responsibilities:

Delivering new game features every few weeks;
Building distributed systems and microservices;
Mainly developing real-time mobile game server with Node.js and Redis;
Working with the Kyiv-based cross-functional team that also includes Unity developers and QAs.

Requirements:

Backend development experience (any OOP language, ex. Node.js, Java, C#, etc.);
Familiarity with Node.js — must;
Willingness to operate within an AI-first approach for development productivity and feature integration;
Focuses on delivering tangible value and features that drive product success, not just writing code.
Experience with distributed systems and microservices architecture;
Experience with NoSQL databases (ex. Redis);
Experience with Backend development of real-time web services;
Experience in a high scale system will be a plus;
Experience working with Scrum teams will be a plus;
Good spoken and written English is a MUST.

Benefits:

A global data-driven company, with a unique product and strong R&D center;
Exceptional innovative and dynamic work environment;
Promote transparency & open employee communication;
Tremendous growth & career advancement opportunities;
Encourage, support, and empower learning exploration and career development opportunities;
Directly impact and build personalized product experiences for our players.

We offer:

Generous compensation with regular performance reviews;
Paid vacation and sick leaves;
Comprehensive medical insurance for you and your family member free of charge;
Sports expenses reimbursement;
Comfortable office in BC Gulliver;
Daily lunches in the office and fully stocked kitchen with the greatest coffee;
Newest technical equipment (macOS);
Training & Development / Tuition reimbursement; online courses of your choice;
Parental leave;
Employee Referral Program with great bonuses;
Regular team buildings and Company Happy Hours;
Relocation bonus for nonlocal candidates;
Reimbursement of car parking.

We celebrateall kinds of entertaining events — brought to us by our amazing
Employee Experience and never forget about gifts!

Join us on the Moon!