Strong Junior NodeJS Engineer
The UKEESS Software House team is currently looking for aStrong Junior
NodeJS Engineer to join our team for a full-time position (remotely in
Ukraine or in Lviv’s office).

About the Client and the Project:

Our customer is the world’s largest family history and consumer genetics
company. With more than 30+ billion digitized global historical records, 100
million family trees, and 18 million people in a growing DNA database, our
client helps customers discover their family stories and gain a new level of
understanding about their lives. One of our teams is working on a project that
helps make our customers’ businesses more effective!

About the team:

Our team supports transactions between mobile applications and backend
services, ensuring backward compatibility and providing an aggregation layer
to reduce battery consumption and improve application performance. GraphQL
enables the flexible construction of queries, allowing us to return only the
specific fields requested by the client.

Our middleware comprises several services (written on Apollo Server) combined
into one federation service (using Apollo Federation). All our services are
deployed in the AWS cloud. We have developed infrastructure for project
deployment on test environments, running performance tests, and project
deployment on production.

Tech stack: NodeJS(14/18/20) / TypeScript / NestJS / Apollo Server /
GraphQL / DynamoDB / Redis / AWS (S3, EC2, Lambda) / Terraform.

Here are some other qualities we are looking for:

Enjoy developing technical talent to achieve great things. You will have a passion for educating, training, and professional growth.
Be great fun to work with. Be ready to build and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code and work with interesting and new technologies.
Have a strong knowledge. Our ideal candidate must have strong knowledge to work productively in our team.

Responsibilities will include:

Develop and maintain scalable backend applications focused on microservices architecture
Design, implement, and optimize RESTful APIs and web services
Ensure high performance, reliability, and security of applications
Work on cloud migration and tech transition initiatives
Participate in all development lifecycle stages, including code reviews, testing, and deployment processes.
Work in a collaborative, agile environment (SCRUM)

Requirements:

At least 2+ years of commercial experience with JavaScript and Node.js
Strong knowledge and commercial experience with GraphQL / Apollo Server / Apollo Federation
Strong knowledge of such frameworks as Nest.js or Express.js
Strong knowledge and experience with SQL and NoSQL databases (DynamoDB is preferable)
Knowledge or commercial experience withAWS services (S3, EC2, Lambda, etc.)
Experience with CI/CD practices and tools (e.g., Jenkins, Git)
English: Upper intermediate level (both spoken and written)

It’ll be a plus:

Experience with Terraform or CloudFormation
Knowledge of containerization and orchestration tools (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes)
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering

What can we offer our new colleague?

Full-time position in a highly professional team
Competitive compensation (based on market data, but also depending on the technical level of the candidate)
Flexible work schedule
Individual approach to professional growth
Free English classes (online)
3 health packages to choose from
Annual paid vacation and state holiday celebration
Lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement
Foreign business trips (after the war)

Our office in Lviv has ​​generators and stable communication in case of “no
electricity”. Also, you will have the:

Modern, comfortable office facilities (a barbecue zone, kitchens, lounge rooms, coffee machines, etc.)
On-site parking lot and charge station for Electric Cars
Corporate gifts, celebrations, and fun activities
Sports activities: ping-pong, soccer, workout

Suppose you have a passion for solving challenging problems, building
scalable, robust systems, love working with the latest technologies in a fast-
paced, flexible environment, and are excited at the prospect of having a
significant impact on products with more than 3 million paying subscribers. In
that case, we want to talk to you! ;-)