Strong Middle/Senior Java Engineer
Dive into the pulse of cutting-edge solutions with Patrianna LTD! 🚀

Are you ready to dive into the dynamic world of social gaming and be part of a
rapidly expanding team? We’re on the lookout for a talented Strong
Middle/Senior Java Engineer to join our Patrianna LTD team on a
full-time basis.

🌟 What You Gain?

Dynamic Environment : Step into the heart of a super fast-growing social
gaming company, where innovation and creativity thrive.

Global Impact : Be at the forefront of crafting a global social
entertainment platform, with a primary focus on captivating the North American
market.

Limitless Growth : Take your career to new heights with opportunities for
advancement and personal development. Join us in the exhilarating journey of
continuous growth.

Massive Reach : Contribute to the development of client web and mobile
apps that engage with up to 150 million customers worldwide.

Commitment to Excellence : We’re dedicated to delivering high-quality
code, ensuring predictable behavior in production, seamless scaling, and
automation every step of the way.

Responsibilities :*

Write well-designed, testable and scalable code in a timely manner
Take part in the full development cycle and ensure smooth development and cooperation between the dev team and product owners from sprint planning to release cycles

Technologies :

Java 23
Spring 5+
Spring boot 2.5
ELK
Docker
GCP
Resteasy
Ebean-ORM
Postgresql 14
Quartz
Websocket + socket.io
Netty
Reactor / rxjava
Micrometer
Flyway

Requirements:

5+ years of experience as Java Engineer
Strong knowledge of Java Core (Java 8+)
Strong knowledge of Spring
Experience in multithreading and high-load systems
Good knowledge of SQL
Good experience with Docker (docker swarm) and ecosystem
Troubleshooting skills (metrics/alerts/monitoring/profiling)
Fit to the values and shape the culture within the entire organisation
Good English skills in speaking and writing
Experience with SPA and modern mobile and web technologies

Would be a plus:

Experience with GCP
Production experience with Kafka and ecosystem
Experience in ElasticSearch and ecosystem
Experience with Ebean
Experience with Protobuf
Experience with influxdb/grafana
Google Services: auth / firebase / etc / publisher / ads
Experience in integrating and maintaining the wallet service

Benefits

Full Remote Work : Enjoy the flexibility of working remotely from wherever
you feel most productive.

Generous Leave Policy: Take advantage of paid time off, encompassing both
vacation and sick leave, to ensure you can recharge and recover when needed.
Take your time on bank holidays as well.

Company Events: Engage in our vibrant company culture through a variety of
informal events designed to foster camaraderie and teamwork.

Continuously Development: Get an opportunity to join a fast-growing
business where the sky’s the limit.