Senior Java Developer Position at CC-Interactive
Senior Java Developer Position at CC-Interactive

About CC-Interactive:

For the last 20 years, CC-Interactive has been a beacon of innovation and
excellence in the digital solutions landscape. We have developed and delivered
a diverse range of systems to the financial and telecommunications industry.

We do both custom development and internal development of solutions and are
looking for a dedicated Java Developer who wants to join our team in Kyiv.

Position Description:

As a Java Developer at CC-Interactive, you will:
Be part of our Java development team to develop new solutions and improve existing ones.
Be a crucial part of our team that oversees and extends our system architecture.
Play a vital role in the development of new solutions, integrating with third-party systems to expand our product suite.

Desired Skills and Experience:

Backend:

At least 3 years of experience in Java application development.
Strong hands-on experience with Core Java, Spring Framework (Spring Core), Hibernate (ORM), XML, JSP.

Frontend:

Experience with Angular 14+, JavaScript, RxJs, NgRx, Material Design, Chart.js.

Big Data & Analytics:

Experience with Apache Cassandra, Apache Iceberg, Apache Spark.

Search & Indexing:

Knowledge of Elasticsearch or OpenSearch.

Databases:

Proficiency with PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL Server (MS SQL), Oracle.

APIs & Communication:

Strong experience with REST APIs and WebSockets.

Message Brokers:

Hands-on experience with RabbitMQ and Apache Kafka.

DevOps & Tools:

Experience with Git and Docker.

Optional / Nice to Have:

Knowledge of GIS (Geographic Information Systems) chart data.
Familiarity with Unix environments.

What We Offer:

Flexible working hours to support work-life balance.
A dynamic, fast-paced working environment.
Opportunities to participate in the entire lifecycle of product development.
A platform to be creative and bring new ideas to life.
Collaboration with an international team and a diverse range of clients.

Application Process: We are eager to welcome more women developers into
our team and look forward to your applications!