Senior Java Developer
We are looking for a SeniorJava Developer to help build a next-
generation Web3 and AI-powered fintech platform that bridges traditional
finance and decentralized technologies. The platform serves as a borderless,
crypto-native neobank, combining banking, a crypto wallet, a crypto card, and
a secure messenger into one seamless, regulation-compliant ecosystem. It
empowers Millennials, Gen Z, and Gen Alpha to bank, transact, earn, and
connect effortlessly in a self-sovereign and future-ready digital environment.
REQUIREMENTS

We are looking for a developer who has:

More than 5 years of relevant experience in the IT industry.
Java Expertise and strong track record of working with:
Java core, OOP/OOD knowledge, design patterns;
Spring framework, IOC, templates;
ORM, Hibernate (Spring Data JPA);
SQL knowledge, any MySQL or PostgreSQL is a plus;
Elastic Search, LogStash, Kibana (ELK);
Microservice architecture patterns knowledge;
REST.

Java:

Perfect knowledge of Java Core 8+;
Good understanding of multhreding;
Design patterns in action.
Spring Framework:

Spring Boot;
Spring Security;
Spring MVC;
Spring Data JPA;
other Spring components.
Database:

Experience with relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc);
Advanced knowledge of SQL querying;
Experience with microservice architecture.
Other:

Good knowledge of Maven technology;
Good knowledge of Docker.
Base understanding of Kubernetes, ElasticSearch, etc.
Communication: can speak and write in English at an upper-intermediate or higher level, and efficiently communicate ideas, design, and document artifacts concisely.
Cultural fit: manifests our corporate values — trust, transparency, social responsibility, and a sense of beauty.

Will be a plus:

Experience with the fintech domain;
Experience with AWS S3, RabbitMQ;
Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines;
Experience with TDD & Feature Teams;
Knowledge of Python.
RESPONSIBILITIES

As a Java Developer, you will :

Develop High-Quality Code: Contribute to the implementation of the solution code with a strong focus on detail and adherence to Java development best practices.
Write Reusable and Testable Code: Ensure code is functional, practical, and well-documented.
Collaborate with Team Members and Clients: Work closely with other team members and directly communicate with the client’s management to implement designs.
Proactively Address Technical Issues: Identify and resolve technical issues and risks that could impact the project’s schedule and the application environment’s integrity.
Participate in Code Reviews: Engage in regular code reviews to maintain high code quality and share knowledge with the team.
Stay Updated on Emerging Technologies: Keep up with industry trends and advancements to continuously improve the platform.

ABOUT PROJECT
High-growth Web3 & AI-powered EU-based fintech startup. It’s a borderless,
crypto-native neobank designed for Millennials, Gen Z, and Gen Alpha,
combining banking, a crypto wallet, a crypto card, and a secure messenger into
a user-friendly, self-sovereign, and regulation-compliant ecosystem bridging
the gap between traditional finance and WEB3. At this project, we’re
redefining banking by building a next-generation, all-in-one financial
platform where users can bank, transact, earn, and connect seamlessly.
Project Team: 5 people

WHAT WILL YOU GET WITH KINDGEEK
We want you to thrive and feel supported

Professional growth: at Kindgeek, we want our employees to grow and achieve ambitious professional goals. We support professional development with training and certification refunds and provide regular feedback and technical reviews.
Benefits package: Kindgeek offers all team members competitive compensation and a benefits package that includes 18 working days of fully paid vacation, 10 compensated by 50% sick leaves without a note from the doctor, and an opportunity to take study leaves. Depending on how long you stay in the company, you can receive different health insurance packages from our partners.
Personal growth: as a part of our team, you will have access to corporate English courses with a 50% reimbursement, take advantage of our offline library and access a large selection of corporate training and classes. Also, every employee can request any internal or external training or certification if it applies to his or her work responsibilities.
Geek community: at Kindgeek, we value community — even in the full-scale invasion times, we take every opportunity to stick together. Our geeks organise various online and offline clubs — from stretching and skiing to English. We volunteer together and support each other.
Flexibility: Kindgeek offers a hybrid working model. Team members can work remotely or from the office or Kindgeek London Hub — an innovative cafe-style co-working in Lviv (it’s pet-friendly!).

We encourage you to apply
At Kindgeek, we encourage everyone to apply — regardless of nationality, race,
gender, marital status, disability, sexual identity, or religion. We are
growing into an inclusive, equal-opportunity company where only
professionalism, competence, and ideas matter. We are committed to supporting
mobilised employees and veterans joining Kindgeek and facilitating their
career development. We aim to bring equal opportunities to all team members
and candidates — especially those underrepresented in technological companies.