Backend Engineer
Many significant top-tier customers and partners consume their AppsFlyer’s
data via various interfaces on a considerable scale. One of these interfaces
is our Data Warehouse, which stores colossal amounts of data produced by all
our product teams. On top of that, we develop the business service layer that
serves our customers. Being in the front on such a scale requires being at the
top of everything the team does — from complicated business logic through
interesting technical challenges that have a massive impact on the performance
and cost of our data pipelines to the immediate feedback we receive from our
clients when a new feature or improvement is released.

The team constantly collaborates with the Platform and Business to provide the
most efficient solution for our data exposure. The collaboration includes a
deep understanding of our technology, coping with the rising scale, having
POCs for a never-ending effort to find the next best technology available to
benefit our customers and us, and more.

Some Of The Technologies We Currently Use

Clojure
Java
GCP & AWS hosted solutions
K8s
Kafka
Spark Scala
Airflow

What You’ll Do

Be a part of the team that owns and evolves AppsFlyer’s Data Warehouse
Own and develop AppsFlyer products and features end-to-end — from design to production
Work with petabytes of data flowing through AppsFlyer pipelines
Solve diverse, complex problems at scale, with low clarity of the solution approach
Collaborate with Product Managers and Software Engineers to deliver value to customers
Analyze and improve the performance, scalability, and stability of AppsFlyer’s products, environments, and tools
Continuously learn and evaluate new technologies in the everlasting effort to perfect our products and adapt to the ever-growing scale

What You Have

4+ years of development experience with a passion for excellence
Experience in JVM languages
Strong server-side skills
Experience in building APIs for server-client applications
Strong SQL knowledge
Ability to grasp new languages, systems, and frameworks fast
B.Sc. in computer science or equivalent
A team player
A drive to get things done, especially as part of a team, while leading others
Good communication skills, spoken and written English

Bonus Points

Experience in Clojure
Experience with large-scale distributed databases or enterprise data warehouses (BigQuery, Snowflake, etc.)
Experience in building ETLs using Spark Scala
Familiarity with the Google Cloud Platform
Recommended by an AppsFlyer employee

We Offer

Paid Unlimited Vacation Days + all national holidays
Health Insurance, Paid Sick Days
Sports & Meals reimbursement
Breakfast, snacks, fruits & cold drinks in the office
Parking reimbursement
Team building, happy hours, and company-wide events
Brand new Mac laptop, dual monitors, and starter package

As a global company operating from 25 offices across 19 countries, we reflect
the human mosaic of the diverse and multicultural world in which we live. We
ensure equal opportunities for all of our employees and promote the
recruitment of diverse talents to our global teams without consideration of
race, gender, culture, or sexual orientation. We value and encourage
curiosity, diversity, and innovation from all our employees, customers, and
partners.

“As a Customer Obsessed company, we must first be Employee Obsessed. We need
to make sure that we provide the team with the tools and resources they need
to go All-In.” Oren Kaniel, CEO