Middle .NET Developer (ASP.NET MVC)
We’re looking for a Middle .NET Developer to join our team! You’ll be
involved in two projects — one in the automotive insurance domain, and the
other focused on a life insurance platform.You’ll join a strong, cross-
functional team where you can learn from colleagues across different business
domains, share knowledge, and take on diverse tasks that help you grow
technically and professionally.If you’re comfortable switching between
projects and enjoy dynamic teamwork and direct collaboration with clients,
this role is for you!

Work mode: full-time employee. Opportunity for work in the Lviv office or
remotely.

Client: UK, USA
Current projects status: two ongoing projects — one in the automotive
insurance domain, and the other focused on a life insurance platform.

Required Skills:
2+ years of commercial experience with .NET
Real production work in ASP.NET MVC (.NET Framework + .NET Core)
Commercial experience with SQL
English — Upper Intermediate (B2) or higher — written and verbal communication

Nice to have:
EF Core / Dapper (micro-ORMs)
Basic understanding — Azure cloud services and core principles of CI/CD
Experience with Azure Application Insights for logging/monitoring
AI and prompt engineering

What do we offer:
Salary $2500-3000 (depends on the results of the interview and can be
discussed)
Performance review every six months
Professional development in a team of highly qualified specialists
Dynamic and interesting work
Opportunities for career and professional development
Strong mentorship offers valuable guidance and support to help individuals
grow into skilled specialists
Direct communication with English-speaking clients
Recognition gifts and awards
Employee referral program
New benefit program with the opportunity for compensation to cover the
following expenses of their choice:
▪ Sports activities (these can be one-time sessions or monthly or annual
subscriptions)
▪ Payment of medical expenses (treatment and preventive procedures at the
dentist, services, and consultations with doctors, medical examinations, and
tests)
▪ Psychologist consultations
▪ Medical insurance
▪ Training for the development of professional skills (hard and soft skills),
including the purchase of necessary educational literature
▪ Courses in traditional arts and creativity (such as drawing, music,
photography).
▪ Individual English language improvement classes
21 working days — paid vacations
10 paid sick leaves
IT club membership
Offices equipped with generators and Starlinks

If you would like more details, please feel free to contact me or submit
your resume through the site.

The next step is a short interview with me, 15-30 minutes.
Then — an interview with your future manager — 60 minutes.
In case of success — offer!

I will organize all stages ASAP

We highly value transparency and communication. Our recruitment process
includes feedback at every stage, ensuring you are consistently informed and
engaged.

So if you’re a person who loves teamwork and communicating with interesting
people, you’re more than welcome to our team :)

Olha Melnychuk
HR Managers, DevCom