Middle Full Stack C# Software Developer
3Shape develops 3D scanners and software solutions that enable dental and
hearing professionals to treat more people, more effectively. Our products are
market-leading innovative solutions that make a real difference in the lives
of both patients and dental professionals around the world.

3Shape is headquartered in Copenhagen , with development teams in
Denmark, Ukraine, North Macedonia and with a production site in
Poland.

We are a global company with presence in Europe, Asia and the Americas.
Founded in a year 2000, today, we provide services customers in over 100
countries. Our growing talent pool of over 2000 employees spans 35+
nationalities .

3Shape as an employer is committed to Ukraine. Our UA office was founded
in 2006, and we are continuing to grow, hire and take care of our employees
even during the war in Ukraine. Among other actions, we support our
contractors who are called to the military service, as well as care about our
colleagues’ mental health by implementing different activities.

If you are looking for stability in your future, we are the right place for
you.

We are looking for an experienced Full Stack C# Software Developer to work
in our Kyiv office and join our agile team with the mission to develop the
next generation of the cloud ecosystem for 3Shape’s CAD software. You will
ease the daily work of dental technicians and dentists helping them in
providing better patients treatments. The new product will serve millions of
users within the Labs and Clinics all over the World.

You will join a highly skilled and motivated team. We have utilized a range of
technologies including C#, ASP.NET Core, Angular, Blazor, Azure, etc.

Your responsibilities:

Design and build web applications, services, backend algorithms, and implement workflows for dentistry
Ensure high code quality (through reviews, refactoring, processes, code metrics, etc.)
Ensure high maintainability of the code (through designing and following software development best practices)

Cooperate with developers on other teams and projects all over the world, the team is in Copenhagen and Kyiv and our partners are around the globe

Learn modern technologies and take care of self-development

Your profile:

3+ years of experience as a software developer with C#/.Net, ASP.Net Core
Experience withAngular or Blazor development
Solid experience with design patterns andOOP principles (SOLID , DI , etc.)
Experience with one of unit tests frameworks (xUnit, NUnit, etc.)
You work with strong commitment and take ownership of your work
Strong problem-solving mindset
Team-minded personality with skills in Agile working style
Strong collaboration and communication skills and good in written and spoken English
Continuously strives for improvement

Would be a plus:

Knowledge of Azure and web infrastructure
Experience with Docker and k8s
Knowledge of GitHub actions
Understanding of SDLC and microservices architecture
Knowledge of WPF
Agile practices, including test-driven development, continuous integration and Scrum.

Being the part of us means:

Participation in producing market-leading technology products for customers around the world
Meaningful work that changes the future of dentistry
A healthy work-life balance
Work in a unique professional, friendly and supportive environment
Constant professional growth and development
Occasional business trips to Western Europe

We offer:

39 working hours per week within a flexible time frame
Competitive salary level
Good working conditions in a comfortable office
A parking lot with free spaces for employees
Possibility of partially remote work
Annual paid vacation (24 working days)
Paid sick leaves and child sick leaves
Maternity and paternity leaves
Medical insurance (incl. massage in the office)
Well-being program: monthly well-being meetings and individual psychology hot line
Compensation for lunches
Regular company events
Opportunity to become a part of the success that 3Shape has created over the past 20 years