Senior Full Stack Engineer (706)
Ciklum is looking for a Senior Full Stack Engineer to join our team
full-time in Ukraine.

We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational
organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business
challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers,
consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that
redefines industries and shapes the way people live.

About the role:

As a Senior Full Stack Engineer, become a part of a cross-functional
development team engineering experiences of tomorrow.

Our client is a fast-growing, profitable, well-funded, and dynamic global
payments company. It is serving thousands of corporates and millions of end-
users (payment receivers), in over 200 countries. You will be a part of the
Data Collection team.
Responsibilities:

Back-end and Front-end development to meet customer’s business needs and implement components according to a modern software development environment (microservice architecture)
Taking part in the decision-making process in design application architecture, solution development, architecture, and code review
Develop and review feature design documents and provide inputs/updates to specifications for the solution
Design and implement a set of various types of tests (unit, integration, functional, etc)
Proactive position in solution development, process improvements
Working in an international distributed team in an Agile environment
Communicate with PMs, engineers, Architects, QA, and other colleagues and stakeholders
Delivering the product roadmap and planning
To use high coding standards, software best practices, and write highly testable, automatable, and performant code over the whole SDLC
Requirements:

Experience in software development for more than 5 years

Excellent knowledge in: clean code practices, OOP, and OOD

Programming:

Paradigm & Principles (OOP, SOLID, DDD, TDD, BDD)
Database theory (RDBMS, NoSQL)
Code testing practices
Algorithms
Data structures
Architectural, Enterprise, and Design Patterns
Security patterns, Reverse engineering resistance, Common attacks types (OWASP)

Understanding of network interactions:

protocols
conventions (e.g., REST, RPC)
authentication and authorization flows
standards and practices (e.g., OAuth, JWT)
Excellent knowledge and experience in C#,.NET , and ReactJS

Practical commercial experience with:

REST API development
.NET Framework, .NET Core, ASP.NET (Core, MVC, WebAPI)
Testing frameworks ( e.g. NUnit, XUnit, MSTest) (more than 2 years)
ORM (e.g., Entity Framework, Dapper)
RDBMS (e.g. SQL Server, MySQL/MariaDB, PostgreSQL)
Key-value storages — strong experience with Redis
Messaging systems (e.g., RabbitMQ, Azure ServiceBus, Apache Kafka, Active MQ, AWS SQS, Google Pub/Sub)
Web Servers
Version control systems (GIT)
Continuous Integration tools (e.g., Gitlab Pipeline, Jenkins, Azure DevOps)
Builders
NoSQL (e.g., MongoDB, ElasticSearch, CouchDB)

Experience with:

Troubleshooting, profiling and debugging applications
What’s in it for you?

Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door environment
Growth focus: Take on large-scale projects with a global impact and expand your expertise
Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
Endless opportunities: Explore diverse domains through internal mobility, finding the best fit to gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies
Flexibility: Enjoy radical flexibility — work remotely or from an office, your choice
Care: We’ve got you covered with company-paid medical insurance, mental health support, and financial & legal consultations

About us:

At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to
achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with
cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a
One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.

As one of Ukraine’s largest IT companies and a top employer recognized by
Forbes, we’ve spent over 20 years delivering meaningful tech solutions. We
proudly support diverse talent and military veterans, recognizing their unique
skills and perspectives they bring to shaping the future.

Want to learn more about us? Follow us on
Instagram,
Facebook,
LinkedIn.

Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!

Interested already?
We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. Can’t wait to see
you at Ciklum.