Full-Stack Developer (Angular 75% + PHP 25%)
The project is an all-in-one software platform that helps people book desks,
meeting rooms, schedule meetings, coordinate teams and manage visitors.

📍Client Location — UK
🌍 Candidate Location: Ukraine, Europe
📆 Project Duration: Long Term
🕔 Involvement: Full-time
🎓Level — Senior

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Build highly performant, scalable PHP based SaaS applications.
Craft beautiful frontend applications using Angular 17 and Typescript.
Develop solutions to deliver new innovative products for web and mobile
platforms using the project RESTful APIs running in AWS.
Work closely with the wider engineering team (full-stack, backend),
designers, and product.
Be included in decisions and challenge our technical direction.
Design and develop code with performance, usability, maintainability, and
security in mind.
Resolve technical issues through debugging, research, and investigation.
Write and maintain automated tests to ensure we deliver quality work for our
customers.
Create and maintain internal technical documentation for deliverables.

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
5+ years relevant experience in a software engineering role.
Experience building large-scale consumer web/mobile applications and
distributed systems.
Knowledge of PHP + Symfony framework. But will be a plus to know Laravel or
at least desire to learn Laravel.
Knowledge of TypeScript (Angular preferred) to create interactive user
interfaces.
Up to date with the latest frontend libraries, frameworks, and practices.
Passionate about writing clean code.
You must be a quick learner and be flexible about what technologies you use.
Good understanding of MVC and SOLID principles.
Experience with multi-tenancy would be a plus.
Experience in implementing web services with a REST and Web API architecture
You must be comfortable with rapid development in a Scrum/ Agile environment
and iterating based on market and customer feedback.
Knowledge of Unit testing
English level: upper-intermediate and higher
Excellent collaborator and communicator within your team and the wider
company.
BSc in a related field such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or
other software/design discipline.

Our current stack is:
Front-end: TypeScript, Angular 20;
Backend: PHP 8.3 / Symfony 7.2, REST, API Platform, Lambda (Node.JS);
Database: PostgreSQL , Redis (ElastiCache);
Development tools: Jira, Jenkins, GitHub, Automated Testing;
Cloud: AWS (20+ services), Kubernetes, Docker;
Mobile: Android (Kotlin, Java) and iOS (Swift).
AI-friendly: Cursor, ChatGPT, Junie. Find and fix bug, write tests.