Middle PHP Developer
FAVBET Tech develops software that is used by millions of players around
the world for the international company FAVBET Entertainment.

Main areas of work:

Game Development — driving the end-to-end engineering process for innovative, engaging, and mathematically precise games tailored to global markets.
Mechanics & Player Experience — overseeing the creation of core gameplay logic and features that maximize engagement and retention while also leading the development of back office admin panels for game configuration, monitoring, and operational efficiency.
Data-Driven Game Design — implementing analytics and big data solutions to measure player behavior, guide feature development, and improve monetization strategies.
Cloud Services — we use cloud technologies for scaling and business efficiency.

Requirements:

Must Have:

3+ years of experience in developing production-level applications with PHP.
Strong expertise in PostgreSQL.
Experience with Redis and RabbitMQ.
Solid experience with PHP MVC frameworks (e.g., Symfony, Laravel, Yii).
Good problem-solving skills and ability to work with complex system integrations.

Nice to Have:

Hands-on experience with high-load projects.
Knowledge of Domain-Driven Design (DDD) and/or Clean Architecture.
Experience with microservices-based systems.

Responsibilities:

Develop efficient, testable, and reusable PHP modules.
Solve performance and scalability challenges in high-load environments.
Actively participate in quality assurance processes, including design and code reviews, unit testing, bug fixing, and ensuring operational readiness.
Work within agile methodologies (Scrum, TDD) to deliver high-quality software.
Use and maintain tools for source control (Git), issue tracking (JIRA), dependency management (Composer), CI/CD (GitLab), and containerization (Docker).
Integrate multiple data sources and databases into a unified system.

We offer:

30 day off — we value rest and recreation.
Medical insurance for employees and the possibility of training employees at the expense of the company and gym membership.
Remote work or the opportunity — our own modern lofty office with spacious workplace, and brand-new work equipment (near Pochaina metro station).
Flexible work schedule — we expect a full-time commitment but do not track your working hours.
Flat hierarchy without micromanagement — our doors are open, and all teammates are approachable.